They were a small local clinic, very
modest Google ads budget. It was like 3K
a month. Their cost per lead was like
$30 and something dollars. So I take
over the account, I make a bunch of
optimizations. I I make some tweaks,
changes, etc. And their performance, I
kid you not, in the span of one week,
the cost per lead more than halfd. And
the volume of leads also increased. So
as you can imagine, I was feeling good.
I remember getting on the call with him
and I'm like, "Okay, fine. All right.
Well, how about those leads, right?" And
he's like, "It's not enough."
And I was like baffled. In my perplexed
state, I asked him what I call the
million-dollar question, which I never
asked in the sales process. What does
success look like for you?
Hey everybody, welcome to episode 8, the
final episode of performance therapy. I
hope you guys have been enjoying our
therapy sessions as we've ranted and
gone deep on all these different topics.
Today we are talking about something
something spicy horror stories from paid
media partnerships and we want to talk
about some of the experiences we've had
so you know ideally you don't have to go
through them or you can be mindful of
them to avoid them as much as possible
but also like how to choose the right
partner. So whether you're working with
an agency or you're working with a
freelancer or a consultant or even if
you're trying to make the hire
internally for you to bring on a
performance marketer, how can you make
the right fit? So that's going to be the
topic of today's lesson. So are you
ready to dive in?
>> Yeah, I know you have a lot to say. So
actually start.
So, uh, let let's just start off with
some experiences of things that we went
through. And the the first one that
comes to my mind is actually not B2B
related, but it's the one that I always
default to cuz it was like my first real
experience that scarred me, you know,
but but it made me better. And
essentially, it was one of my first
clients, uh, Google Ads client, and it
was a foot doctor. They were a
podiatrist. And I remember they were a
small local clinic. I think they only
had like two locations,
very modest Google Ads budget. I forget.
I think it was like 3K a month. And
essentially before working with me,
their cost per lead was like $30 and
something dollars and they weren't
generating a ton of volume, so it wasn't
very efficient. Anyways, so I remember
taking over the account and especially,
you know, you're early on, so you're
excited, you're motivated, and you
you're looking to build social proof,
right, and get those wins. So I take
over the account, I make a bunch of
optimizations, I I make some tweaks,
changes, etc. And their performance, I
kid you not, in the span of one week,
the cost per lead more than haved. It
went from like $300 per lead down to
like $15, $20. It was dramatic and the
volume of leads also increased. So it
wasn't like a rorowaz scenario in
e-commerce where hey I got a 700%
rorowaz but I killed sales. It was no I
drove more leads at a dramatically lower
cost per lead.
>> So as you can imagine I was feeling
good,
>> right? I'm like I'm the freaking man.
You know what I mean? Like I was like
super excited to get on that next
checking call cuz I was like I felt like
I won the Olympics. You know what I
mean? Like I am. You know, imagine too
like when you're first starting on ads,
>> you get that that rush and that
dopamine, right? Like because you you're
building your own confidence, right?
Because when you're first starting ads,
you're so scared of like, can I actually
get results? And anyways, I remember
getting on the call with him. We'll call
him Dr. T. And I'm like, Dr. T, how's
your week? How you doing? You know, like
all pumped up. And he's like, yeah, I'm
fine. And I'm like, okay, fine. All
right. Well, how about those leads?
Right. And he's like, "It's not enough."
And I was like baffled.
And I and like in my
perplexed state, I asked him what I call
the million-dollar question, which I
never asked in the sales process. What
is success look like for you?
Because in my mind, I was like, "Wait a
second. You literally just like 10xed
your conversion rates. Like everything
went up." And in his mind, he was like,
"It's not enough." And long story short,
like his expectation once I asked him
that question, what does success look
like for you? It was ridiculous. It was
like when you actually ran the math, it
was like not $30 a lead that he wanted.
It was like $30 a customer, which is
like it just didn't there was no world
where this is like actually happening.
And this is like leads me to an
important point is like I can't tell you
how many pay media programs are killed
not from a lack of campaign structure or
even budget but a lack of poor
expectations.
So framing good expectations from the
beginning is imperative because it is
the lens in which you view success.
Right? So anyways from that I was
scarred and now I'm always trying to get
as clear as I can in terms of like what
do you judge as success? Right? A good
way to frame that question as well for
all my agency folks is what needs to
happen in order for you to renew the
contract. That's a good one, right? It
gets more specific where it's like what
do we need to bring to the table for you
to feel like it was worth it? Uh another
one if you're inhouse is uh what
performance would I have to drive in
order for you to be open to the
conversation of a bonus?
>> Then it's like whoa. Okay. Hey, and also
too, like if you're going to frame that
question, you got to back it up, right?
Is you're going to like set that
expectation now too. So, be careful.
>> But that was the first one that came to
my mind around like I was just like
devastated. From that point on, I was
scarred. And now I'm like always
dramatically, you know, goal based,
running the math, just making sure, hey,
is this mathematically winnable before
entering the game, right, of all the
iterations and the experimentation that
we talked about and so on and so forth.
>> Mhm.
>> What about you? What what comes to mind?
>> Yeah, coming to this episode, I didn't
have a specific case, but I'm thinking
one about one already. Like way back,
there was this client and they invested
like 5K before hiring an agency. So,
they were investing 5K in house and they
generated and they were say they were
selling mattresses and they generated I
don't know if it was 10K 15K in sales.
So they were like, "Okay, we're hiring
the agency. We're tripling the budget.
So now we expect to triple the revenue,
you know,
>> and I mean it didn't happen. Of course,
it's not like that. You might have some
early wins, but it's not like that." And
then the clients stick around for
several months or maybe a year or so.
But the point is now we were playing
catchup because we didn't align the
expectations with them. We were just
trying to get the client. So we said,
"Oh, let's do it." Yeah. and I wasn't
even involved in the sales process. So,
but the point is that now because the
expectations weren't set from the
beginning, now it looks like, okay,
these guys aren't doing their job and
now you're overd delivering to keep the
client. And that's when you're pretty
much losing money with the client
because you're putting all these
resources like, oh, okay, we're not
getting performance. Let's get them
landing pages or let's get them design.
Simple.
>> Yeah. Because you want to keep the
client. So, okay, if they're not seeing
value with performance, let's see, okay,
what about creatives? You know, what
about we can make some edits to the
videos. So, now you're spreading, you're
stretching yourself to accommodate for a
client and and it's a losing battle
because in their mind, you're already
losing the battle.
>> Yeah.
>> And and in their case, it's like a
family business, too. So it's like oh
when we were doing it in house we were
seeing success and now we hired the
experts and now we don't see that
success we're better off doing it
ourselves and then you have all I mean
we don't have that in B2B sal that's not
often where oh I have a a niece who who
does social media that kind of stuff
>> they value expertise
>> yeah yeah yeah so yeah that's
>> that's
>> that came to mind when you were speaking
about that scenario because that still
happens at a at a different degree with
existing not existing clients in the
regard that they have crazy expectations
but I feel like we do a good job at
setting the expectation from the
beginning so that's why in knock on the
hood we don't have that much choice
right
>> but before and depending on the the size
of your agency and the types of
contracts regardless if it's B2B or if
it's if it's B2C sometimes you're doing
your best to sell the client and then
you're saying yes yes yes man yes man
yes man and now
>> it's such an easy trap
>> if you're on the sales side or if you
your small agency like you're the owner
the owner
>> you don't even thinking about what that
causes to the rest of the team that's on
the other side
>> and yeah
>> god so much to like so many threads to
pull there
>> the you're right expectations start in
the sales process
that's critical and me myself as the
salesman man for conversion
>> when men army
>> you know like I try to remind myself
that it's like I'm setting the
expectation here that will then proceed
into like actual fulfillment so how I
sell matters a lot and the mechanisms in
which I sell matter a lot and I think
the other thing too in terms of framing
expectations I think it's so important
to also frame the expectation of how
many things have to go right in order
for something to happen so for context
another horror story
Uh there's a client that it's coming to
my head where they are benchmarking
success not based on qualified pipeline
generated but return on ad spend.
>> This is a B2B SAS client. So they're not
interested in hey if you drove a 5x pipe
to spend or 6x which is great.
>> They're interested in how much revenue
am I generating back from my ads in
relation to my cost which sounds great
and is very valid right which we're all
game for. But in terms of setting the
expectation, if we're going to be gold
on revenue, then we have to equally
understand all of the parts that need to
go right in order for that revenue to
manifest. So if like you think about
like what is marketing in control of and
what is sales in control of, if we're
talking salesled, marketing is really
only in control up until the point of
generating the qualified opportunity.
Once sales says, hey, this is a
qualified opportunity. great job
marketing. It's really out of
marketing's hands, right? Now, marketing
can help sales with like acceleration
campaigns and things like this and help
with cover,
>> but it's now in sales jobs, right? The
other thing too that's out of
marketing's hand is what's your win
rate? How good is your product, right?
And actually converting those
opportunities, how do you stack up
against the competition? And the other
thing that's out of marketing's hand, I
am totally ranting in this therapy
session.
>> Do it,
>> is what is your average deal size? Yeah,
>> you know, like we can get you exactly
the right person, but if your average
deal size is so low, it's going to be
much harder for you to break, you know,
at least break even on your return on ad
spend because again, you have less
margin, right? Versus if this is why I
love enterprise, I get you one deal, I
just closed, you know, the champagne.
Yeah. You know, you're popping the
bubbly like I just paid for the whole
year, you know, which is awesome. But
when you're dealing with like SMB, PLG,
lower, you know what I mean? like lower
mid-market. This is where this can start
to become more of an issue. So if you
are going to be benchmarked, whatever it
is, right? At the end of the day, I
think it should always be pipeline and
revenue centric, right? We're not here
to generate leads or trials. We're here
to generate business impact. But if it's
going to be revenue oriented, there must
be clear alignment on, hey, we're
assuming this win rate. We're assuming
this deal size, right? So then because
again like this is out of marketing's
hand. So then
>> you play with the averages
>> correct? You play with the averages and
then you can do like a worst moderate
and best case scenario. Hey if if the
win rate is this then we can expect
this. of the win rate is this, we can
expect this and so on and so forth,
right? And then you set the expectation
because in that client example for as a
as an example, we didn't do the best of
job at setting expectations
and we're driving like a 15x pipe to
spend. It's like ridiculous like how
efficient we are in terms of every
dollar, how much pipeline we get back in
qualified pipeline. But the rorowaz
right now is just over 1x. But
>> and the rose is lagging too. and the
rorowaz is lagging but even then it's
like we're we're revenue positive right
like we're we're just over break even
but now the goal is not to break even
it's to 2x right so this is like where
expectations is so important and you set
that frame and that foundation where
it's like okay if this is going to
happen cuz I think that's one of the
issues that at least on the agency side
and it also happens internal too like
when I when when I run ads at at
companies is they put they think of
performance marketers as like magicians
you know, and it's like, hey,
here's this thing. This thing has
nothing going for it, but I want you to
turn into a success, right? And it's
like crazy. It's fundamentally flawed,
you know? Like, at the end of the day,
ads are an amplifier. If something's
good, we're going to amplify it and more
people are going to resonate, right?
This is why messaging is so important
and positioning is so important.
foundational business things that all
impact, hey, did the actually the ad
actually drive a good rorowaz or pipe to
spend or cost per lead or whatever,
right? But these are like the business
things that are going against you. So, I
think it's super important and one
tactical thing for everyone listening to
frame expectations in the sales process
is walk your prospects through an audit
and in the audit
point out everything
like show them everything of like this
is what absolute excellence looks like
in our frame of example like this is
what a world-class paid media program
looks like you know and in our case we
do it all based on the scale framework
which we teach in our billing payment
course. So this is what like like
strategy looks like, reporting, campaign
execution, right? Iterations of
experimentation, expansion, all of it.
And then you run them through it and you
show them and you're like,
"How are you against this right now?"
>> And now they have like a much bigger
worldview
where now, not only that, it also helps
with your sales close rates because now
they also see they need more help from
you, not less, right? they have more of
a pain to solve, not less. So, I would
definitely went on a rant on that one,
but this is
>> No. And they trust you, too, because
point there's they're going to become a
client. And if anything, they already
walked away with some insights with
pretty much an audit, not even ad
channel audit because that's something
they can even outsource,
straightforward, but paid media audit.
>> Yeah. One other horror story really fast
that comes to my mind was one client who
recently started working with us not too
long ago. They had spent like
hundred grand on performance max.
>> You know what I'm talking about. They
spent like a hundred grand on
performance max.
>> That's happening a lot lately.
>> Yeah. like they're spending all this
money cuz performance max in platform
like one of the worst things you can do
is just blindly trust the platforms and
performance like you look at the perform
the platform performance max looks like
gold you know like the most conversions
the lowest cost per conversion all this
stuff but then you take a step back
which is what we did and we're like hey
they're saying we got 500 leads can we
see that in in our CRM and it was like
phantom conversions they weren't real it
is, you know, make believe Gazi, you
know what I mean? Like it doesn't exist.
It's fairy dust, you know, but we like
if you just look at the platform, you're
like, "Oh, do more, right?" And that was
what was happening. And long story
short, we realized like it was just not
true. And they had wasted a hundred
grand. And and you know, like I'm
ranting here, but like that's $100,000.
This is not like like childplay.
>> Yeah. Like this is real money, you know?
Can you imagine? And one of the things
like I always tell people if you want to
get better at running ads run ads for
yourself. The way I personally learned
how to run ads was with my own business
and I had a DJ business in college. I
remember what it felt like
>> the first dollar.
>> You know what I mean? Like spending that
credit card and going a day, two days,
three days and not getting anything. You
feel it. You know what I mean?
>> And like you don't lose that
>> feeling of like pain, you know? And I
think way too many people are just
careless with their budget and they just
spend it frivolously. So if you're
listening to this and you really want to
be world class, like start a side
business, do something, you know, where
you have an opportunity to just invest
your own money and you will be better
for it. So now when you operate your
client's money or you operate your
employer's money, if you're working in
house, you can be much more, you know,
mindful of the spillage, which again, if
you're doing experimentation, hopefully
there's not as much, right?
Just to be mindful of time, let's
transition now into, you know, not, you
know, we've frightened some people. Uh,
>> let me just add something for sure. Just
hearing you speak and if people watched
throughout the series, like most of the
horror stories, common traps, it seems
to be the ones that make most sense in
theory. Like if you if you remember like
you go back, oh, have an
overpersonalized funnel. Makes sense,
right? Perfect sense. actually pmax
makes perfect sense when you go back
like oh I have search ads I have I can
show on YouTube I believe like discovery
all these placements I get visibility I
get conversions again perfect sense if
you're not a seasoned marketer right if
you're not in that channels every day so
there are a lot of uh common things and
that's maybe too why it's an easy cell
for people and what why they want to do
it because again in theory it makes
perfect sense but The reality is that
not so much. And can you imagine like
that client they spent 100k on PMX. Can
you imagine if they were they hired even
if it's like a consultant to advise them
on the decision to launch PMX even if
they paid the guy or the girl like 5K
just tell me yes or no
>> they would say 95K
>> you know and that's the type of knowhow
that sometimes in house teams don't have
or maybe because the marketers leave the
companies or whichever the case might be
that that helped even though and some of
our clients also take into account
agency fees is when they look at rowas
pipe to spend and that's fine but
ultimately that knowhow that value and
that's why I mean not to to pull to pull
for for ourselves like that's why we
have senior marketers that not only
launch campaigns for you because that's
eventually going to get automated that's
the truth
>> they they are a partner and that's the
stuff that's the real value so I think
that's that's a perfect segue as well
>> yeah uh one have you ever heard the
analogy of like the plumber the plumber
story.
So basically it's um it's more or less
this this person was having issue with
their plumbing. So what do they do? They
call the plumber. The plumber quoted
them like $1,000
and uh the plumber shows up to the
house. the plumber like, you know, looks
at the the pipes, takes a step back,
grabs a wrench, hits the pipe,
the water starts to flow again, and then
the plumber looks at the person and
says, "Okay, that would be $1,000." And
the person looks at the plumber and
goes, "Why am I going to pay you $1,000?
That took like 5 seconds for you to do."
And the plumber, more or less the story
goes like, uh, it was $100 for me to get
here and $900 for knowing where to hit.
>> Oh, yeah. That's,
>> you know, like the the expertise, you
know, it's and that is absolutely
critical in terms of finding success
>> and a lot of people discredit that. And
also too because you get burned like
we're talking about aura stories that we
face but if there are in-house marketers
watching this they have aura stories
from working with agencies.
>> Yeah.
>> So it's not isolated and
>> that's a perfect segue. Let's talk about
let's talk about how to make the right
choice in terms of partnerships. So, if
you're thinking about hiring an agency,
a consultant, or again, like you want to
hire somebody inhouse to help scale your
pay media program, what are some things
to to look out for? So, I can kick us
off really fast. Uh, one thing that
comes to my mind is like uh compensation
structure. So, ideally, if you're
working with a partner, there is no
fixed contracts or ad spin fees. So, if
you're working in house, this kind of
resolves itself, right? You're you're
hiring the person. more applicable for
like agencies, consultancies, but no
fixed contracts, zero ad spend fees. Uh
the the reason why this matters, I think
there is a place for ad spend fees. I
think ad spend fees can work really well
if you're a smaller budget because then
the percentage is nominal, right? So for
context, like if they take 10% of ad
spend, well, if your budget's only, you
know, 10K, then it's not too bad, right?
>> It's 1 million.
>> But if it's Yeah, exactly. 100K, 500K,
etc. So, like if you're a small a
smaller company and you can have an
agency that's more uh fee fee oriented,
I think it can make sense, but just know
you might outgrow the agency once you
get to a certain level of spend because
now it's just penalizing you, right?
They're also incentivized fundamentally
to get you to spend more money.
Hopefully, it's incentivized with more
results, but like the reps.
>> Exactly. Like the Google reps or the
LinkedIn rep matter reps, whatever. But
that I think like tactically speaking
like don't run away from feebased
structures but I would say only for for
small accounts. The thing I would
absolutely run away from which talking
about horror stories is when you pay for
an agency and now you're locked into
like a 12-month contract. And the
problem with most agencies is they do
really well the first month. the second
month once you get that case study, you
get that testimonial.
Peace. You know what I mean? Like
they're coasting. Coast coast coast. And
then fast forward, you know, month nine.
Oh, renewals coming up soon, guys. Let's
have a strategy session. Let's rew
like reorient da da da. And then before
you know it, oh, we've got all this
forward progress. Let's renew for
another year. And the cycle repeats. And
obviously like if a agency has a fixed
contract doesn't mean they're bad but
just something
>> I feel like we're throwing shade at the
agency peers because of course if you're
if you know at conversion we don't have
a fixed contract but I'm not even when
we bring that up I'm not even talking
shade then throwing shade at the agency
peers. It's like it's sometimes
impossible for performance marketers to
put the same effort in one account 12
months in a row just because they have
10 accounts, 15 accounts. Some of them
have 20 accounts, you know, so even if
they want it's I mean they have again if
they're lucky they have 40 hours a month
and what ends up happening and I was on
that side as well. Like in our case, we
run mostly five, six accounts each
person, right? But I was on the other
side. I didn't have 15. But the client
that complains the most gets the most
attention, right?
>> Big problem.
>> And sometimes it's not the larger client
because from my experience, the larger
client is always they're always nice.
They know it takes time like, "Hey guys,
can you help me?" So they're more
professional. Yeah,
>> they're more professional. And what they
get in return, and again, not because
the performance market wants, but they
get less attention because they're less
noisy. And now the small client that
that gets charged, I don't know, 5k a
month is getting more hours from the the
team than the client that pays them 20k
a month and just because they don't
complain. And that's how some agencies
operate. So it's more so my my complaint
is against the model, not necessarily
the people working there because I'm
sure they're doing the best the same way
I was doing my best. But you just have
to prioritize, you know,
>> the game you're in basically.
>> Yeah. And that's what you get sometimes.
And also too when you work with accounts
and even in our competition, you have a
PE you have other companies that work
with with fewer accounts like each
performance market and that's fine. But
when you get to those accounts where
each person has 15 accounts, you're also
paying less a month. So, you can't
expect the same treatment, or at least
you should be paying less, but you can't
be expecting the same treatment from a a
company where you're just one more
account for a person that handles 15
versus a company that pays you charges
you a little bit more or a double,
whatever the case might be. But, you
know, that that person is only managing
five accounts, six accounts, seven
accounts, right?
>> So, it's not even Yeah. It's not really
against the people that are there. It's
like the system. Yeah.
>> Yeah. For sure. For sure. Uh, one one
thing that comes to my head here is if
you are vetting agencies, freelancers,
etc., whatever.
Ask to speak with the person that's
actually going to be running your
account. And ask questions around
capacity. How many accounts are you
working with? You know, how long have
you been doing this? Right? really gauge
the the expertise of the person that's
going to be leading the account and not
just the salesperson. Especially when
you're dealing with smaller agencies
like like oursel, the founder is a
salesperson.
>> That's who they know.
>> That's who they know. And they're like,
"Oh, you know, Sylvio, you're great, but
>> who's going to be running my account?"
You know, and and like making sure that
they have that before the deal is closed
where you can meet the person you're
going to be working with, right? Like
your partner in ads, uh, etc. is really
helpful. And then again like asking
those questions around bandwidth. So
then you can also align expectations
right where are your expectations
realistic with what they can provide you
know for for context like if you're
expecting them to be an extension of
your team where they're in Slack with
you sending messages you know following
up on stuff etc. then it's like do they
actually have the bandwidth to be an
extension of your team because that
implies a lot.
>> Mhm. One other thing here that I want to
point out on is around channel
expertise. So when you're when you're
choosing uh you know some sort of
partner agency again in-house etc.
Some agencies are really good at certain
channels some agencies have more scope
some people are like some specialize in
certain things etc.
It's not necessarily that like
partnering with an agency that's just a
LinkedIn ads agency or just a Google ads
agency or just a meta ads agency is a
bad or good thing. Just make sure that
if you do partner with somebody that is
just one or two channels specialization,
you already have a lot of context and
confidence based on your historical data
that those are the channels for you and
you want to do more on them because the
trap that you might fall under which
which I've seen in the past is if you
know and again goes back to the model in
the system. If I'm an agency and I'm a
Google Ads agency and all I do is paid
search
and you come to me and you're like, I
want to do ABM,
instead of telling you the truth, which
is paid search is going to become less
effective as a channel, I'm going to
like sell you all this fairy dust,
right, of like, oh, we could do this and
we could try this and this and like sure
you can it can help. It can drive more
volume, but it's incremental, right?
what's really going to change your
business is running ads on LinkedIn,
doing an account-based strategy, getting
in front of them earlier, right? And
then that can manifest in more obviously
like high intent searches, etc. So, I
think that's another one just to be
careful of is like do they have the
expertise that you are looking for in
relation to your goals, in relation to
your motion, right? If you're going to
try to go up market and go enterprise,
like do they have experience doing that?
If you want to do more on LinkedIn
because you're sure about it, like do
they have the experience there, right?
So then again, like really what you're
looking for is a strategic partner
because with AI and automation and the
future of of paid media, execution is
gone, you know, and like the the the
maxim version that I see with agencies
in the future is like all agencies will
eventually just become like consulting
firms. Like I kind of think of like
Mckenzie, you know, is like the the
analogy I use. Like the McKenzie is like
one of the biggest consulting companies
in the world, biggest agencies. And what
are they primarily paid for? It's not
execution. They outsource that. Like
it's crazy. If you see these big
agencies, the big agency hires another
agency. That agency hires another
agency. That agency hires another. It's
like this crazy, you know, and
eventually it goes down to like the
lowest level and like somebody's
actually doing the work. all the big
agency is doing is they're selling their
knowledge and their expertise, right?
And I really see that as like the future
of agencies and it's we're going to all
basically just become like advisers, you
know, and I and I kind of see like with
like us specifically, it's we've got a
portfolio of companies we work with, we
test, we iterate, we learn, we know what
works, etc. And then when you work with
us, it's like, hey, you're getting
access to this collective learning and
experience and our frameworks and our
methodologies. Um, so just a point to
nail there.
>> Yeah. And it it might sound scary and I
mean with AI and everyone has some FOMO,
right? Especially agencies, especially
the ones that aren't trying to evolve
and and are just focusing on, oh, I can
launch you that campaigns. And I got
that feedback the other day with
speaking with a client where they were
like, "Oh, we spend so much time
preparing and planning the campaign that
when it's time to actually launch and
execute, we kind of feel like we could
do it ourselves instead of asking you
guys to do it." So, what we're most
looking forward from the relationship
with you is actually that consulting,
getting that strategic advice, new
ideas, like innovation is a big piece.
And we have this episode where we spoke
about experimentation. But for some
clients and some of ours as well,
results aren't enough. Yeah, guys, we're
getting good results. Awesome. Congrats.
>> But what have we tried? Are we trying
something new? Also, too, because and
again, another episode like the shiny
object. They see it all the time. So, if
you're just doing LinkedIn and Google,
hitting their goals, and then they're
seeing companies succeeding on Meta,
succeeding on Reddit. Okay, these guys
aren't even pitching this stuff, you
know?
>> Why am I coming up with new ideas all
the time? Why aren't you bringing ideas
to the table?
>> So, that's a a narrow story. And again,
like when we go back to that, I wouldn't
call it broken model because those types
of agencies where people manage multiple
accounts work for some companies because
they don't have the budget and they
>> you're getting you're getting what you
pay for.
>> Yeah. Exactly. But it works. But you
can't expect that level of proactiveness
and that's where agencies get or brands
get burned and I've heard it too and I
was on the I wasn't I haven't worked in
house but when I was when I was working
at an agency like that
>> um I also feel I also felt the
frustration but there's you can do too
much
>> one thing I would say for all the hirers
watching this like on the you know on
the employee employer side is content
and
account lists like audience is your zone
of genius and product differentiation
that's what you bring to the table in
terms of your unique perspective and
insights a strategic partner is going to
take that ensure you get in front of
them maximize iterate etc but don't be
so quick to outsource that and I that's
a common mistake that I see amongst the
people that do that have like much you
know like they don't have that ROI in
terms of the relationship ships they
have versus others is because they're
they're outsourcing things that
ultimately should always stay in house.
Like you know your product better than
anyone. You understand the the
competitive landscape better than one,
etc. This doesn't mean like your partner
can't be up to speed, but you need to
bring those insights, right? And then
they help you turn that into strategy
and then get that to the market. I think
that's a really important one, too.
>> Yeah. Are there any other frustrations
that you've seen like speaking with
clients, like being on the other side?
because we're we're making a or giving a
lot of emphasis to oh what's working
with a bad agency but
>> have you heard like when you're
interviewing clients or prospects in
this case like any of those like the top
three things that got them burned and
agency allergic in the past.
>> Yeah. three the top three things of
>> so the top three things that burn these
relationships like these agency horror
stories
>> because they're making it worse for us
right
>> now you need to handle those objections
>> yeah 100% so uh one thing that comes to
my mind is no visibility into pipeline
impact
>> it's like one person is speaking English
the other person is speaking Portuguese
you know the client cares about revenue
and pipeline the agency is talking about
CTR and clicks fundamentally different
understanding, right, of how we
communicate success. So, if you're not
on the same page with your agency
provider or your consultant or whoever
and they're not asking you for CRM
access, they're not asking you to build
some sort of dashboard that connects
their activities and your source of
truth, right? That's already a red flag.
So, I would say that one is huge. And
the amount of people that I show like,
hey, you need this like reporting, they
all nod their head in agreement.
The second one is strategy which is
probably more a little bit more niche
but just understand depending on your
level of scale. It's like anything right
like you you need certain like help at
certain stages of your company's
journey. So when you are really scaling
and you're you know you're trying to
take it to the next level you are going
to need more strategic guidance which is
much more boutique and like specialized.
So this is like now where
the general agency that handles B2B B
TOC you know what I mean? everyone under
the sun start to become less effective
where you need more of a specialist
right like for example like if you're an
e-commerce and you're in the retail
space if you could find a retail
e-commerce agency like ideal right like
hyper ver uh specialization right if
you're in B2B like a B2B SAS agency etc
so that's the second one is like that
strategic guidance that's a big gap um
and then I would say the third one is
just like the
the resources to execute
like the quality of the work to execute.
So for context like if you're hiring
creative resources, make sure that that
company actually has an internal
creative team, right? That they've
built, they've trained, they're they're
up to speed. Because now with AI and all
this stuff, it's like if the bar is
just, you know, if they're outsourcing
it to somebody on Upwork
>> and the bar is that low, it's like you
might as well just go direct to the
person and do it yourself, right? And
like cut out the middleman. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Or vice versa, go to AI and like create
iterations. Uh so I would say those are
the three things.
>> Makes sense. Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> And I Yeah. And I and I feel like that
comes up a lot often as well. So I think
it's timely
>> and I don't know when this is going to
get aired, but I feel like it'll be
it'll be relevant and ongoing.
>> I don't think this will ever go away,
honestly. I think it's human nature, you
know? It's always going to happen. Yeah.
>> So, all in all, if you ask these
questions and you keep these things in
the forefront of your mind, hopefully
you won't have uh as bad experiences and
equally important in terms of like
whoever you bring on, you know, try to
be a good partner to them. It's always a
50/50 relationship and try to make it
successful and work in terms of driving
the impact that you ultimately want to
do here. Thanks so much for watching
this episode. If today's combo hit home
for you and you want to go deeper, check
out adconversion.com. You'll find free
courses, a killer advertising community,
and if you're ready to scale, we'd love
to work with you.